# Go API client for bof

APIs to cater for Back Office Operations functionality in OPERA Cloud. <br /><br /> A common BackOffice industry term is End of Day.  This closes and balances each day's business activities. It reconciles guest folios and processes credit card transactions. The End of Day routine rolls the business date forward and prints final reports.<br /><br /> Compatible with OPERA Cloud release 23.2.<br /><br /><p> This document and all content within is available under the Universal Permissive License v 1.0 (https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/upl). Copyright (c) 2020, 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.</p>

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 23.2
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import bof "github.com/applyinnovations/ohip-sdk/bof"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```golang
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `sw.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), bof.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `sw.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), bof.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `sw.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `sw.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), bof.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), bof.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to */bof/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*BackOfficeOperationsApi* | [**GetBusinessDate**](docs/BackOfficeOperationsApi.md#getbusinessdate) | **Get** /hotels/{hotelId}/businessDate | Fetch end of day business dates


## Documentation For Models

 - [BusinessDate](docs/BusinessDate.md)
 - [ErrorInstance](docs/ErrorInstance.md)
 - [ExceptionDetailType](docs/ExceptionDetailType.md)
 - [HotelActiveEndOfDayType](docs/HotelActiveEndOfDayType.md)
 - [HotelActiveEndOfDaysType](docs/HotelActiveEndOfDaysType.md)
 - [InstanceLink](docs/InstanceLink.md)
 - [Links](docs/Links.md)
 - [WarningType](docs/WarningType.md)
 - [WarningsType](docs/WarningsType.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author

hospitality_apis_ww_grp@oracle.com

