# Go API client for parext

APIs to provide extended features for Price and Rate Availability functionality in OPERA Cloud. <br /><br />Availability enables you to manage your room inventory by providing a detailed view of all available and sold rooms at a property. Some of the tasks you can perform include defining conditions for stay restrictions, setting room sell limits, and searching for and viewing room availability.<br /><br />Compatible with OPERA Cloud release 23.2.0.0.<br /><br /><p>This document and all content within is available under the Universal Permissive License v 1.0 (https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/upl). Copyright (c) 2020, 2022 Oracle and/or its affiliates.</p><br /><br /> Compatible with OPERA Cloud release 23.2.0.0.<br /><br /><p> This document and all content within is available under the Universal Permissive License v 1.0 (https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/upl). Copyright (c) 2020, 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.</p>

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 23.2.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import parext "github.com/applyinnovations/ohip-sdk/parext"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```golang
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `sw.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), parext.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `sw.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), parext.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `sw.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `sw.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), parext.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), parext.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to */parext/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AvailabilityApi* | [**PostMinimumRateAvailability**](docs/AvailabilityApi.md#postminimumrateavailability) | **Post** /hotels/minimumRateAvailability | Advanced Property Search with minimum rates.
*AvailabilityApi* | [**PostMultiRoomRateAvailability**](docs/AvailabilityApi.md#postmultiroomrateavailability) | **Post** /hotels/multiRoomRateAvailability | Advanced multi property search with multiple room and rates.


## Documentation For Models

 - [CodeDescriptionType](docs/CodeDescriptionType.md)
 - [CorporateRatesSearchType](docs/CorporateRatesSearchType.md)
 - [ErrorInstance](docs/ErrorInstance.md)
 - [ExceptionDetailType](docs/ExceptionDetailType.md)
 - [HotelAvailabilityStatus](docs/HotelAvailabilityStatus.md)
 - [InstanceLink](docs/InstanceLink.md)
 - [Links](docs/Links.md)
 - [MultiRoomRateAvailabilityRequestType](docs/MultiRoomRateAvailabilityRequestType.md)
 - [MultiRoomRateAvailabilityResponseType](docs/MultiRoomRateAvailabilityResponseType.md)
 - [MultiRoomRateAvailabilityType](docs/MultiRoomRateAvailabilityType.md)
 - [MultiRoomRateStayType](docs/MultiRoomRateStayType.md)
 - [MultiRoomRateType](docs/MultiRoomRateType.md)
 - [MultiRoomTypesType](docs/MultiRoomTypesType.md)
 - [OfferTotalType](docs/OfferTotalType.md)
 - [PostMultiRoomRateAvailabilityRequest](docs/PostMultiRoomRateAvailabilityRequest.md)
 - [PropertySearchPropertyInfo](docs/PropertySearchPropertyInfo.md)
 - [RatesSearchType](docs/RatesSearchType.md)
 - [RoomRateInfoType](docs/RoomRateInfoType.md)
 - [RoomRatePriceInfoType](docs/RoomRatePriceInfoType.md)
 - [RoomTagType](docs/RoomTagType.md)
 - [RoomsSearchType](docs/RoomsSearchType.md)
 - [SearchPropertyRequestType](docs/SearchPropertyRequestType.md)
 - [SearchPropertyResponseType](docs/SearchPropertyResponseType.md)
 - [SearchPropertyRoomStayType](docs/SearchPropertyRoomStayType.md)
 - [SearchRoomClassificationType](docs/SearchRoomClassificationType.md)
 - [ShopBaseRequest](docs/ShopBaseRequest.md)
 - [SortByType](docs/SortByType.md)
 - [WarningType](docs/WarningType.md)
 - [WarningsType](docs/WarningsType.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author

hospitality_apis_ww_grp@oracle.com

