# Go API client for ecommtokenization

ECommerce Tokenization API<br /><br /> This API allows you to process credit card tokenization via e-commerce token form. <br /><br /> Compatible with OPERA Cloud release 25.3.0.0.<br /><br /><p> This document and all content within is available under the Universal Permissive License v 1.0 (https://oss.oracle.com/licenses/upl). Copyright (c) 2020, 2026 Oracle and/or its affiliates.</p>

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 26.2.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import ecommtokenization "github.com/applyinnovations/ohip-sdk/go/ecommtokenization/v3"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```golang
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `ecommtokenization.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), ecommtokenization.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `ecommtokenization.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), ecommtokenization.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `ecommtokenization.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `ecommtokenization.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), ecommtokenization.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), ecommtokenization.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to */eComm/eToken/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*HotelsAPI* | [**GetEcommTokenizationDetails**](docs/HotelsAPI.md#getecommtokenizationdetails) | **Get** /hotels/{hotelCode}/tokenizations/{transactionId} | Fetch e-commerce tokenization transaction status and details
*HotelsAPI* | [**PostEcommTokenization**](docs/HotelsAPI.md#postecommtokenization) | **Post** /hotels/{hotelCode}/tokenizations | Initiate e-commerce tokenization transaction


## Documentation For Models

 - [EcommTokenizationRequest](docs/EcommTokenizationRequest.md)
 - [EcommTokenizationResponse](docs/EcommTokenizationResponse.md)
 - [EcommTokenizationStatusResponse](docs/EcommTokenizationStatusResponse.md)
 - [ProblemDetail](docs/ProblemDetail.md)
 - [TokenInfo](docs/TokenInfo.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author

hospitality_apis_ww_grp@oracle.com

